Report from https://forum.excalibur.ws/bugtracker/excalibur-tbc/classes/mage/aoe-damage-cap-r7160/

 
 I skipped a lot because its really huge, for more info open the link
 
 Hello folks,

its time to discuss another big prolly bugged part about casters on excalibur. Like a year ago we already implemented partial resistance on this server (thanks for that, still love it). Now its time to take a deeper look into AoE spell mechanics. 

 

How AoE spells work on Excalibur: 
Your AoE spell does a base amount of damage to each mob in range. 

This base amount doesnt change. It doesnt care if there are 2 or 20 mobs. It will hit each mob for that base amount of damage.
How should it work?

Since patch 2.2.0, most area effect damage effects have an 'area damage cap' which limits the potency of the spell if used against a large number of targets simultaneously.

As always blizzard never mentioned directly in a patchnote that this system was added but they mentioned it for specific spells. 

Patch 2.2.0:
Druid:
- Hurricane: This spell is now affected by area damage caps. Its bonus damage coefficients have also been increased.
Hunters
- Volley: This spell is now affected by area damage caps. Its bonus damage coefficients have also been increased. It also correctly consumes charges of Misdirection.
Mages:

-  Blizzard: This spell is now affected by area damage caps. Its bonus damage coefficients have also been increased.
-  Frost Nova: This spell is now affected correctly by area damage caps.

Warlocks:
- Rain of Fire: This spell is now affected by area damage caps. Its bonus damage coefficients have also been increased.
- Seed of Corruption: Dead targets will no longer be erroneously counted toward the damage cap on this spell.

Patch 2.4.0:
Mages:

- [Arcane Explosion]: The damage cap for area of effect damage on this spell has been increased by approximately 50%.


A theoretical example of Arcane Explosion; 1000 damage cap, 500 hit per mob: (Taken out of an old elitistjerks thread)


